README.md, before:

scalawaw.github.io
==================

*This project is looking for a maintainer. If you are interested please ping me by
[creating an issue][new_issue]*

---


List of companies using Scala and Scala-related technologies in Warsaw, Poland.

## Company entry structure

* Company name (with link)
  * @twitter_id (with link)
  * Company profile (short one line description)
  * Scala-related technologies used
  * Open Scala (/ general JVM) engineering positions
  * Which districts are the offices located in
  * Blog link

Most bullet points are optional.

## Contributor guidelines
* Try to keep your language neuteral
* We use lexicographical ordering (with symbols then digits preceeding letters)
* Other entries are your best guidelines
* If your company profile or job openings change – please take time to update the entry
* Describe the company in third person, eg. "Software Corp. is hiring", "They are hiring", _not_ "we are hiring"
* Don't include a comprehensive list of projects you're working on

[new_issue]: https://github.com/scalawaw/scalawaw.github.io/issues/new

Commit message:

README.md: add link to site

README.md, after:

scalawaw.github.io
==================

*This project is looking for a maintainer. If you are interested please ping me by
[creating an issue][new_issue]*

---


List of companies using Scala and Scala-related technologies in Warsaw, Poland. You can find it [here][site].

## Company entry structure

* Company name (with link)
  * @twitter_id (with link)
  * Company profile (short one line description)
  * Scala-related technologies used
  * Open Scala (/ general JVM) engineering positions
  * Which districts are the offices located in
  * Blog link

Most bullet points are optional.

## Contributor guidelines
* Try to keep your language neuteral
* We use lexicographical ordering (with symbols then digits preceeding letters)
* Other entries are your best guidelines
* If your company profile or job openings change – please take time to update the entry
* Describe the company in third person, eg. "Software Corp. is hiring", "They are hiring", _not_ "we are hiring"
* Don't include a comprehensive list of projects you're working on

[new_issue]: https://github.com/scalawaw/scalawaw.github.io/issues/new
[site]: https://scalawaw.github.io
